HTTP response status codes indicate whether a specific HTTP request has been successfully completed.

 Responses are grouped in five classes:-

Informational responses (100 – 199)
Successful responses (200 – 299)
Redirection messages (300 – 399)
Client error responses (400 – 499)
Server error responses (500 – 599)


Informational responses
100 Continue

This interim response indicates that the client should continue the request or ignore the response if the request is already finished.

101--- Switching Protocols

This code is sent in response to an Upgrade request header from the client and indicates the protocol the server is switching to.

102--- Processing 

This code was used in WebDAV contexts to indicate that a request has been received by the server, but no status was available at the time of the response.

103--- Early Hints

This status code is primarily intended to be used with the Link header, letting the user agent start preloading resources while the server prepares a response or preconnect to an origin from which the page will need resources.



Successful responses
200 OK
The request succeeded. The result and meaning of "success" depends on the HTTP method:

GET: The resource has been fetched and transmitted in the message body.
HEAD: Representation headers are included in the response without any message body.
PUT or POST: The resource describing the result of the action is transmitted in the message body.
TRACE: The message body contains the request as received by the server.
201 Created
The request succeeded, and a new resource was created as a result. This is typically the response sent after POST requests, or some PUT requests.

202 Accepted
The request has been received but not yet acted upon. It is noncommittal, since there is no way in HTTP to later send an asynchronous response indicating the outcome of the request. It is intended for cases where another process or server handles the request, or for batch processing.

203 Non-Authoritative Information
This response code means the returned metadata is not exactly the same as is available from the origin server, but is collected from a local or a third-party copy. This is mostly used for mirrors or backups of another resource. Except for that specific case, the 200 OK response is preferred to this status.

204 No Content
There is no content to send for this request, but the headers are useful. The user agent may update its cached headers for this resource with the new ones.

205 Reset Content
Tells the user agent to reset the document which sent this request.

206 Partial Content
This response code is used in response to a range request when the client has requested a part or parts of a resource.

207 Multi-Status (WebDAV)
Conveys information about multiple resources, for situations where multiple status codes might be appropriate.

208 Already Reported (WebDAV)
Used inside a <dav:propstat> response element to avoid repeatedly enumerating the internal members of multiple bindings to the same collection.

226 IM Used (HTTP Delta encoding)
The server has fulfilled a GET request for the resource, and the response is a representation of the result of one or more instance-manipulations applied to the current instance.



you can read further response status code in mdn documentation
